Fix ADR to reflect the reality (#161)
decentraland/adr: content/ADR-76-urn-prefix-search.md

The creation of a [new endpoint in the Content Server](https://github.com/decentraland/catalyst-api-specs/pull/21):

#### REQUEST

`GET /content/entities/active/collections/{collectionUrn}`

#### RESPONSE

```json
[
  {
    "entityId": "bafkreidtudd3elgkwojklsfr7w4rrrnswcsnwexpchy4raqnvfwiid52mm",
    "pointer": "urn:decentraland:matic:collections-thirdparty:woodies:0x134460d32fc66a6d84487c20dcd9fdcf92316017:0"
  },
  {
    "entityId": "bafkreiendurkhozosr2np6vswta745jjnbvym65oiow5yqss4eed2oanuy",
    "pointer": "urn:decentraland:matic:collections-thirdparty:woodies:0x134460d32fc66a6d84487c20dcd9fdcf92316017:1"
  }
]
```

> That returns a list with all active entityIds whose urn are part of the `collectionUrn` given.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
That returns a list with all active `entityId`s whose urn are part of the `collectionUrn` given as a path param in the request.
```

> The `collectionUrn` format must follow the one defined in [URN Repository](https://github.com/decentraland/urn-resolver#:~:text=supported%20on%20polygon-,decentraland%3A%7Bprotocol%7D%3Acollections%2Dthirdparty%3A%7BthirdPartyName%7D%3A%7BcollectionId%7D,-%3A%20Resolves%20the%20ethereum) which is: `decentraland:{protocol}:collections-thirdparty:{thirdPartyName}:{collectionId}:{itemId}`.

Reviewer: Does it include `itemId`? Or does it stop at `collectionId`?

Author: It can be any of: 
- `decentraland:{protocol}:collections-thirdparty:{thirdPartyName}`
- `decentraland:{protocol}:collections-thirdparty:{thirdPartyName}:{collectionId}`
- `decentraland:{protocol}:collections-thirdparty:{thirdPartyName}:{collectionId}:{itemId}`

Is it clear?
